Added large file information to git best practices. (#96)
osg-htc/technology: docs/software/git-software-development.md

    Then any functional changes to the text in a following commit will
    be easier to review.

#### Don't commit large files

Try to keep the repository small by not committing files that are too large.

> Avoid committing large binaries or data sets. Ask yourself if they need to 
> in the repostory before committing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid committing large binaries or data sets.
Ask yourself if they need to be in the repository before committing.
```

Split lines and fix a typo

> If, somehow, a large file has been committed and pushed, it's not enough to 
> remove the file in another commit, the file must be removed from all of the 
> history or else the repository will still contain the large file as Git keeps 
> track of deleted files. This can be done using the `git filter-repo` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, somehow, a large file has been committed and pushed, it's not enough to 
remove the file in another commit.
The file must be removed from all of the history or else the repository will still contain the large file as Git keeps 
track of deleted files.
This can be done using the [git rebase -i](#verify-that-only-the-files-intended-are-modified-in-each-commit)
and `git filter-repo` commands.
```

Split up lines and and mention the section that contains info about rebasing.

> If a large file must be added to the repository. Use (Git LFS)[https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/about-git-large-file-storage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a large file must be added to the repository.
Use (Git LFS)[https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/about-git-large-file-storage]
```

Split lines
